README.md, before:

# Portfolio Website

[Link to portfolio website](https://jessicaribeiroalves.github.io/portfolio-website/)

[Link to GitHub repository](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website)

## Purpose

Design, develop and deploy a portfolio website to showcases talent, abilities and coding experience.

## Functionality and Sitemap

- Homepage with name, picture and navbar.
- Navbar containing four different icons and each icon represents a different section to navigate: home, profile, history and contact.
- Profile section containing brief description about the student such as life story, hobbies or some relevant information to demonstrate its personality.
- History section containing information about work experience, education and relevant skills.
- Contact section containing where the student is located; e-mail; phone and social media links.

## Screenshots

![Home](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/Home%20Screenshot.png)


![Profile](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/Profile%20Screenshot.png)


![History](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/History%20Screenshot.png)


![Contact](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/Contact%20Screenshot.png)

## Target Audience

Potential employers and others interested in the work and experience of the developer student.

## Tech Stack

- HTML
- CSS
- Git/GitHub
- Bootstrap
- Flexbox
- Font Awesome
- Google Fonts

## Design Process and Usability

The site was designed to have a simple and clean design so that the navigation becomes easy and objective. The colors also followed simple and clean pattern, predominating white, gray and black.

## Wireframes

Use of the Balsamic software to sketch the first design of the website.

![Balsamic Screenshot 1](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/balsamic%201.png)

![Balsamic Screenshot 2](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/balsamic%202.png)


![Balsamic Screenshot 3](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/balsamic%203.png)


![Balsamic Screenshot 4](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/balsamic%204.png)


## Planning process

![Trello Screenshot](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/Trello%20Screenshot.png)


## Q & A
* Describe key events in the development of the internet from the 1980s to today.
    * The first key event in the development of the Internet occurred officially in 1983 when the standard protocol for computers to exchange information was launched. The protocol - called TCP/IP - basically is responsible for ensuring that there is a good transmission in terms of online data passage and also for determining which address the data should follow when they are sent. Also in the 1980s IBM was created the first computer for individual use. 1989 saw a major step forward in internet communications when Tim Berners-Lee of the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) created the hypertext transfer protocol (http), a standardization that gave diverse computer platforms the ability to access the same internet sites. The Mosaic web browser created in 1993 was a key development that emerged from the NSFNET. Mosaic was the first to show images in line with text, and it offered many other graphical user interface norms we’ve come to expect today (like the browser’s URL address bar and back/forward/reload options for viewing webpages.) In 1990s the internet provider model created network access points that allowed the for-profit, commercial side of the internet to be developed. The internet went from being an obscure research idea to a technology that is used by over 3.2 billion people in less than sixty years.
* Define and describes the relationship between fundamental aspects of the internet such as: domains, web servers, DNS, and web browsers.
    * The DNS (Domain Name System) functions as an IP address translation system for domain names. It is thanks to DNS that you can type the website's address in the address bar of your browser to access it, not a lot of numbers and points. Each server has a unique IP address, so each domain leads to a specific IP. Summarizing what happens when a user requests a domain is: the user's request for a given URL passes through a specialized server in this function, which then directs the server to the final server and returns the appropriate response to the user. Each time a new hosting server is connected to the internet, a new IP is assigned to this server. If I want to host a website or an application on this server and make it available to the world through the internet, I will need to register a domain and point it to the server where the site will be hosted. When you change records for a domain, this change is sent and distributed among all the world's domain name servers.

* Reflect on one aspect of the development of internet technologies and how it has contributed to the world today.
    * An important aspect of this development is related to an easy and quick communication between the people of the whole world. The development of internet technologies has enabled people all over the world to connect with each other, to generate and to share content in large scale. And of course, this rapid communication is not only restricted to the social aspect, but also has a strong impact on the economy, since the internet has accelerated relations between suppliers, distributors, producers, administrators and all members of the production chain. There is no doubt that the Internet is one of the greatest inventions created by man. We can listen to music, talk to distant relatives in real time, establish business relationships, make money from it and a wide variety of possibilities.

Commit message:

Add resume and adjust animations and transitions

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Website

[Link to portfolio website](https://jessicaribeiroalves.github.io/portfolio-website/)

[Link to GitHub repository](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website)

## Purpose

Design, develop and deploy a portfolio website to showcases talent, abilities and coding experience.

## Functionality and Sitemap

- Simple and clean homepage with name, occupation and navbar.
- Navbar containing four different icons and each icon represents a different section to navigate: home, about me, history and contact.
- About Me section containing brief description about the student such as life story, hobbies or some relevant information to demonstrate its personality.
- History section containing the student's resume (work experience, education and relevant skills).
- Project section containing the main student's projects.
- Contact section containing where the student is located; e-mail; phone and social media links.

## Screenshots

![Home](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/Home%20Screenshot.png)


![Profile](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/Profile%20Screenshot.png)


![History](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/History%20Screenshot.png)


![Contact](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/Contact%20Screenshot.png)

## Target Audience

Potential employers and others interested in the work and experience of the developer student.

## Tech Stack

- HTML
- CSS
- Git/GitHub
- Bootstrap
- Flexbox
- Font Awesome
- Google Fonts

## Design Process and Usability

The site was designed to have a simple and clean design so that the navigation becomes easy and objective. The colors also followed simple and clean pattern, predominating white, gray and black.

## Wireframes

Use of the Balsamic software to sketch the first design of the website.

![Balsamic Screenshot 1](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/balsamic%201.png)

![Balsamic Screenshot 2](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/balsamic%202.png)


![Balsamic Screenshot 3](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/balsamic%203.png)


![Balsamic Screenshot 4](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/balsamic%204.png)


## Planning process

![Trello Screenshot](https://github.com/jessicaribeiroalves/portfolio-website/blob/master/docs/Trello%20Screenshot.png)


## Q & A
* Describe key events in the development of the internet from the 1980s to today.
    * The first key event in the development of the Internet occurred officially in 1983 when the standard protocol for computers to exchange information was launched. The protocol - called TCP/IP - basically is responsible for ensuring that there is a good transmission in terms of online data passage and also for determining which address the data should follow when they are sent. Also in the 1980s IBM was created the first computer for individual use. 1989 saw a major step forward in internet communications when Tim Berners-Lee of the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) created the hypertext transfer protocol (http), a standardization that gave diverse computer platforms the ability to access the same internet sites. The Mosaic web browser created in 1993 was a key development that emerged from the NSFNET. Mosaic was the first to show images in line with text, and it offered many other graphical user interface norms we’ve come to expect today (like the browser’s URL address bar and back/forward/reload options for viewing webpages.) In 1990s the internet provider model created network access points that allowed the for-profit, commercial side of the internet to be developed. The internet went from being an obscure research idea to a technology that is used by over 3.2 billion people in less than sixty years.
* Define and describes the relationship between fundamental aspects of the internet such as: domains, web servers, DNS, and web browsers.
    * The DNS (Domain Name System) functions as an IP address translation system for domain names. It is thanks to DNS that you can type the website's address in the address bar of your browser to access it, not a lot of numbers and points. Each server has a unique IP address, so each domain leads to a specific IP. Summarizing what happens when a user requests a domain is: the user's request for a given URL passes through a specialized server in this function, which then directs the server to the final server and returns the appropriate response to the user. Each time a new hosting server is connected to the internet, a new IP is assigned to this server. If I want to host a website or an application on this server and make it available to the world through the internet, I will need to register a domain and point it to the server where the site will be hosted. When you change records for a domain, this change is sent and distributed among all the world's domain name servers.

* Reflect on one aspect of the development of internet technologies and how it has contributed to the world today.
    * An important aspect of this development is related to an easy and quick communication between the people of the whole world. The development of internet technologies has enabled people all over the world to connect with each other, to generate and to share content in large scale. And of course, this rapid communication is not only restricted to the social aspect, but also has a strong impact on the economy, since the internet has accelerated relations between suppliers, distributors, producers, administrators and all members of the production chain. There is no doubt that the Internet is one of the greatest inventions created by man. We can listen to music, talk to distant relatives in real time, establish business relationships, make money from it and a wide variety of possibilities.
